---
layout: default
---

<section class="slice color1" id="team">
  <div class="container">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="span12">
        <h1>2015 Speakers</h1>
        <br /><br />
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Trained as a foreign correspondent for the Associated Press, Christopher
McDougall covered wars in Rwanda and Angola before writing his international bestseller,
Born to Run. His fascination with the limits of human potential led him to create the
Outside magazine web series, “Art of the Hero.” Born to Run is currently being made into a
feature film starring Matthew McConaughey. He recently released his latest book, Natural
Born Heroes, in which he discovers the tools of the hero.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18771048279" title="christopher-mcdougall by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/265/18771048279_b2c7e5156b_m.jpg" width="240" height="240" alt="christopher-mcdougall"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Christopher McDougall</h3>
            <p>Author</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Karl Meltzer is one of the world’s best ultrarunners. He holds the record for most career wins in 100-mile races, and he has set course speed records at the toughest 100s on the planet. In 2006, Karl won a world-record six 100s in a single season and earned Road Runners Club of America’s Runner of the Year and the Everest Award (the Academy Awards of adventure sports). In 2007 and 2009, he won five 100s, setting numerous course records. In 2008, he completed the Appalachian Trail in 54 days, the fourth-fastest time in history. 
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false" data-header="false" data-footer="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/19081340274/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Karl Meltzer"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/367/19081340274_c16eaedb35_o.png" width="205" height="205" alt="Karl Meltzer"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Karl Meltzer</h3>
            <p>Ultrarunner & Coach</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Dr. Julie Angel received her Ph.D. from Brunel University’s Screen Media
Research Centre in 2011 and has spent much of her time since documenting the ‘age of
athleticism.’ One of her current projects is
See & Do, a global project aiming to promote inclusivity in movement communities by
normalizing images of women being active through activities such as, parkour, buildering,
and MovNat. She is currently writing Over the Edge, a book that recounts the history of
parkour through a tale about the desire to move.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18769584078"
title="julie-angel by annabroome, on Flickr"><img
src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/551/18769584078_e107294bd0_o.jpg" width="438"
height="438" alt="julie-angel"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Dr. Julie Angel</h3>
            <p>Filmmaker, Author, &amp; Athlete</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Travis Macy is a speaker, author, coach, and professional endurance athlete. He is the author of The Ultra Mindset: An Endurance Champion's 8 Core Principles for Success in Business, Sports, and Life, and he holds the record for Leadman, an epic endurance event consisting of a trail running marathon, 50-mile mountain bike race, Leadville 100 Mountain Bike Race, 10k road run, and Leadville 100 Run, all above 10,200' in the Rocky Mountains. Travis lives with his wife and two  children in the mountains near Evergreen, Colorado.
          </div>
          <div><img src="http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i470/jebenun/Travis%20Macy_zpsloxur9bx.jpg" alt=""></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Travis Macy</h3>
            <p>Ultrarunner</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Dr. David Horton is an extreme ultrarunner, race director of over 75 ultras,
professor of exercise science at Liberty University, and motivational speaker. Dr. Horton
has run across the U.S., won the Hardrock 100 miler in its first two years, set the speed
record for the Appalaichian Trail and Pacific Crest Trail, and completed the
self-supported 2700+ mile Tour Divide mountain bike race. To date Dr. Horton has run over
113,000 miles.
          </div>
          <div><img src="/static/speakers/dr.-david-horton.jpg" alt=""></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Dr. David Horton</h3>
            <p>Ultrarunner, Race Director, &amp; Professor</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Lisa Smith-Batchen is a world reknown elite ultra runner, ironman competitor
and adventure racer.  Lisa is a woman of many "firsts".  She is the first American to win
the Marathon des Sables stage-race through the Moroccan desert and has twice won the
Badwater Ultramarathon.  She is also the first and only person to ever have run 50 miles a day in 50 states in the USA
in 62 days! A proven coach and motivator, Lisa has helped hundreds of individuals achieve their specific goals.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18960202531" title="lisa-smith-batchen by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/296/18960202531_53bf6fd2ee_m.jpg" width="240" height="240" alt="lisa-smith-batchen"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Lisa Smith-Batchen</h3>
            <p>Endurance Athlete & Coach</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Marshall Ulrich is an author, motivational speaker, and one of the leading
ultraendurance athletes in the country. He has completed over 120 ultramarathons
(averaging over 125 miles each), finished 12 expedition-length adventure races, and
climbed the Seven Summits on his first attempts. He was the first to circumnavigate the
425 mile trek around Death Valley National Park. He has also conquered the over 3,000 mile
run across the U.S. from San Francisco to NYC.
          </div>
          <div><img src="/static/speakers/marshall-ulrich.jpg" alt=""></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Marshall Ulrich</h3>
            <p>Ultrarunner &amp; Mountaineer</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Michael Vitez is a human interest writer at the Philadelphia Inquirer. He
won the Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Journalism in 1997 for a series of stories titled
Final Choices. In 2012, he published his book, The Road Back: A Journey of Grace and Grit,
about the story of Matthew Miller, a University of Virginia student involved in a tragic
cycling accident while training for a triathlon. Michael Vitez shares the incredible,
humbling, miraculous story of Matt’s survival and recovery.  It is a story, truly, of
grace and grit.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18960191901" title="vitez_mike by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3834/18960191901_57cb7d54d8_m.jpg" width="240" height="240" alt="vitez_mike"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Michael Vitez</h3>
            <p>Author &amp; Journalist</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>      
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Shane Eversfield is the founder and head of coach of Zendurance Cycling. An
ultraendurance athlete, Shane competes in a variety of endurance events, including a
two-time finish in the Hawaii Ironman, Ultraman World championship, and the Virginia
Triple Iron. Shane is a Total Immersion Master Coach and Triathlon Specialist, and is the
author of "Zendurance." His zendurance approach appeals strongly to a wide range of
physical and mental health care professionals who seek his guidance to enhance their own
work.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18332315503" title="shane-eversfield by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/560/18332315503_3c36e45cb5_m.jpg" width="200" height="200" alt="shane-eversfield"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Shane Eversfield</h3>
            <p>Founder of Zendurance &amp; Endurance Athlete</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Dr. Nicholas Romanov is a best-selling author, elite coach, and sports
scientist, and was a competitive athlete for over thirty years. Dr. Romanov has garnered
worldwide fame for developing the Pose Method, a revolutionary way to run using gravity as
a leading force in human movement. He has worked with elite athletes including members of
the Olympic teams of U.S., Great Britain, Russia, El Salvador, and Russia.  
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18927028996" title="Dr. Nicholas Romanov - NESS Pic (FB) by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/508/18927028996_44c42dca06_m.jpg" width="240" height="240" alt="Dr. Nicholas Romanov - NESS Pic (FB)"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Dr. Nicholas Romanov</h3>
            <p>Founder of the Pose Method &amp; Coach</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Ann Trason is a 14-time women’s champion at the Western States 100. She set
World Records at the 50-mile (5:40:18 in 1991), 100K (7:00:47, 1995), 12-Hour (91 miles
1312 yards, 1991) and 100-mile (13:47:42, 1991) distances. Ann was race director of the
Dick Collins Fire Trails 50 in Northern California for 11 years, and has taught science at
the college level. She also coaches middle school cross country and track & field and
volunteers often at ultramarathons. Ann is a featured columnist at
Ultrarunning Magazine.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18336593793" title="Ann-Trason-150 by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/526/18336593793_bd91c64583_m.jpg" width="150" height="150" alt="Ann-Trason-150"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Ann Trason</h3>
            <p>Coach &amp; Ultrarunner</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Dr. Simon Donato is a geologist, entrepreneur, television host, writer, public speaker, adventurer, and ultra endurance athlete. An entrepreneur at heart, Simon is the co-founder and president of Stoked Oats, a gluten free oatmeal company; founder of Adventure Science, a volunteer based scientific field exploration organization, and; Co-founder, creative producer, and host of Boundless, an adventure sports television show on NBC's Esquire Network. He has also been a technical producer for other expedition based television programs.
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/20580464858/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Simon Donato"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/743/20580464858_f5195f3ab1_o.jpg" width="400" height="400" alt="Simon Donato"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Dr. Simon Donato</h3>
            <p>Boundless Host, Endurance Athlete, Geologist</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>  
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Terra Castro is a professional triathlete from Detroit, residing in
Arlington, Virginia. She turned pro in 2003, and one year later completed her first
Ironman 70.3 race finishing in 2nd place. In addition to her triathlon. In 2011, she was
the first American to cross the line in the 2011 Ironman Cozumel.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18956193481" title="Terra Castro NESS by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/492/18956193481_c1c9e9dc6e_m.jpg" width="240" height="240" alt="Terra Castro NESS"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Terra Castro</h3>
            <p>Professional Triathlete</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Jason Fitzgerald is the head coach at Strength Running, one of the largest
coaching sites for runners. He is a 2:39 marathoner, USATF-certified coach and his passion
is helping runners set monster personal bests. Jason's work has appeared in Runner's
World, Competitor, Business Insider, Lifehacker, and many more. A member of the Greatist
Expert Network, Jason has spoken at fitness conferences and international organizations on
the topics of performance improvement and online marketing.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18947612282" title="jason-fitzgerald by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3681/18947612282_f1190e0f0f_m.jpg" width="240" height="240" alt="jason-fitzgerald"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Jason Fitzgerald</h3>
            <p>Coach &amp; Endurance Athlete</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Vinnie Tortorich is America’s Angriest Trainer. He has been a personal
trainer to people from all walks of life for thirty years, from Hollywood celebrities to
ultra athletes to children struggling with obesity. In 2012, he began the Angriest Trainer
podcast series with co-host Anna Vocino to help listeners solve their fitness and
nutrition problems. His memoir, Fitness Confidential was released in 2013 and exposes the
underbelly of the fitness industry while championing his No Sugar No Grains (NSNG)
approach to nutrition.  
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18334681764" title="Vinny_Twitter by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/377/18334681764_077388962a_m.jpg" width="240" height="240" alt="Vinny_Twitter"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Vinnie Tortorich</h3>
            <p>Trainer, Podcast Host, &amp; Author</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Michael Sachs is a Professor in the Department of Kinesiology, College of Public Health, at Temple University. He received his Ph.D. in sport psychology from Florida State University. Michael is associate editor of Psychology of Running and coeditor of Running as Therapy: An Integrated Approach, and co-wrote The Total Sports Experience for Kids: A Parents' Guide to Success in Youth Sports. His research interests focus upon motivation and adherence, exercise addiction, and the psychology of running. 
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/20575497938/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Sachspicture.2015"><img src="https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5741/20575497938_8436b34fb2_o.jpg" width="225" height="225" alt="Sachspicture.2015"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Dr. Michael Sachs</h3>
            <p>Professor &amp; Sport Psychologist</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
             Andy has been working as a Certified Athletic Trainer since graduating from
the University at Buffalo in 2009. Upon graduating he received a Master Degree in Athletic
Training and Bachelor Degree in Exercise Science. He has worked in all levels of
athletics, from high school to professional settings. Andy’s passion in athletic
performance comes from his love for endurance sports along with playing soccer and
ultimate frisbee. His goal is to help all people whether injured, healthy, athlete or
weekend warrior to pursue their goals to the best of their abilities.
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18934291046" title="andy wegman by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/323/18934291046_9a67b87787_m.jpg" width="101" height="107" alt="andy wegman"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Andy Wegman</h3>
            <p>Certified Athletic Trainer & Coach at Body Space Fitness</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Theresa Roden, Founder and Executive Director of i-tri, earned an Education Degree from Stonehill College in MA. Inspired by her own transformative experience of completing a triathlon, Roden set out to see if it was possible to lead a group of at-risk adolescent girls on a similar journey to the finish line of a youth distance triathlon, along the way increasing their self-esteem and fitness levels.  
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false" data-header="false" data-footer="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/19581613671/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Theresa Roden"><img src="https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3776/19581613671_ee007a8276_o.jpg" width="148" height="148" alt="Theresa Roden"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Theresa Roden</h3>
            <p>Founder & Executive Director of i-tri</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
          Dr. Rob Gilbert is one of the world’s leading experts on port psychology. As a professor at Montclair State University, he teaches sport psychology and also researches athletic motivation and teamwork, studies that have helped literally thousands of athletes defeat their mental problems. He has studied the mental skills of not only the world’s greatest athletes, but also the most successful business executives and highest-earning salespeople.
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false" href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/19516155368/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Dr. Rob Gilbert"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/432/19516155368_13c6ff8636_o.jpg" width="204" height="204" alt="Dr. Rob Gilbert"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Dr. Rob Gilbert</h3>
            <p>Professor & Coach</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Cason Crane is a long time triathlete and mountaineer from Princeton, NJ. He founded the Rainbow Summits Project, an initiative that raised funds and awareness for The Trevor Project, a suicide a crisis prevention service for LGBTQ youth. In climbing the Seven Summits, Cason raised over $130,000 for The Trevor Project. Cason has been featured on CNN and other major news outlets. Cason currently attends Princeton University.
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false" data-header="false" data-footer="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/19066516033/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Cason Crane"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/513/19066516033_2f8db0aa86_o.jpg" width="960" height="960" alt="Cason Crane"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Cason Crane</h3>
            <p>Endurance Athlete & Founder of Rainbow Summits</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
            Denis Murphy, President and Founder of the Friends of Jaclyn Foundation (FOJ), graduated from the University of Albany in 1985 where he was captain of the football team and met his wife, Lynda. In 2004 Denis’s daughter, Jaclyn, was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor, and in 2005, the Murphy family started FOJ to improve the quality of life for children with brain tumors through relationships with high school, college and professional athletic teams. Denis considers his family his greatest accomplishment.   
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18551153554" title="Dennis murphy by annabroome, on Flickr"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/395/18551153554_f912628783_m.jpg" width="240" height="215" alt="Dennis murphy"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Denis Murphy</h3>
            <p>President & Founder of Friends of Jaclyn Foundation</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
             Nikolas Toocheck, a young philanthropist, is running a marathon in each of the 50 U.S. states to raise money for the Seva Foundation, a non-profit organization that provides critical vision care to people in need around the world. At age nine, he started a campaign to help children in need called Running the World for Children. At age 11, Nikolas became the youngest person in history to complete a marathon on each continent. When not running, he also enjoys playing baseball, football and wrestling. 
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false" data-header="false" data-footer="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18965087133/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Nikolas Toocheck"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/544/18965087133_4be2428f60_o.jpg" width="768" height="768" alt="Nikolas Toocheck"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Nikolas Toocheck</h3>
            <p>Marathoner & Philanthropist</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
             Claire Shorenstein is a Registered Dietitian, RRCA certified coach, and distance runner. She received her M.S. in Clinical Nutrition from NYU and works at Montefiore Medical Center. Through her nutrition and coaching business, Eat for Endurance, Claire helps clients achieve their nutrition and exercise goals without sacrificing all the joy in their lives! She has completed numerous marathons and ultra marathons, and gives back by coaching the Gilda's Club NYC Marathon cancer support charity team every year.
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false" data-header="false" data-footer="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/19475240899/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Claire Shorenstein"><img src="https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3834/19475240899_98d2c274e5_o.jpg" width="984" height="984" alt="Claire Shorenstein"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Claire Shorenstein</h3>
            <p>Registered Dietitian & Running Coach</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
               Kat Longshore earned her Ph.D. in the Psychology of Movement from Temple University in July, 2015. Her research focused on creating and implementing a Mindfulness Training for Coaches program to reduce stress, improve emotion regulation, and enhance work-life balance for collegiate coaches.  Kat is also an experienced Mental Performance Coach, with over 10 years of practice working with elite athletes, coaches, and teams, helping them enhance their performance and satisfaction in sport and life.
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/20575510380/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Longshorepicture.2015"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/778/20575510380_06e146fbd8_o.jpg" width="572" height="572" alt="Longshorepicture.2015"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Dr. Kat Longshore</h3>
            <p>Mental Performance Coach</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
            For over 20 years Meg Waldron has guided athletes from age group to elite. In her day she was a track All-American, 5th in the Mayor's Midnight Sun Marathon, and helped run the Olympic torch down the PanAmerican highway. She is a USATF certified coach and studied at the Penn Program for Mindfulness. Published in Runner's World, The Complete Book of Running for Women, and Be Iron Fit, Meg has worked with the US Olympic Development team. She’s finishing her Master’s in Sport Psychology at Temple University.
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/20754095572/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Waldronpicture.2015"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/753/20754095572_85bb473968_o.jpg" width="388" height="388" alt="Waldronpicture.2015"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Meg Waldron</h3>
            <p>Mental Conditioning Coach</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Elizabeth Seeley is a Doctoral Student in Kinesiology at Temple University with research interests in mindfulness and distance running.  She has 15+ years of experience in the behavioral health field as a child and family therapist. Elizabeth also served as the Director of Development at WES Health System, a leading health and human service provider. A former competitive distance runner, she received a BA in Psychology from American University and a Master’s in Social Work from Rutgers University. 
          </div>
          <div><a data-flickr-embed="false"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/20223344894/in/album-72157654707426096/" title="Elizabeth Seeley"><img src="https://farm1.staticflickr.com/651/20223344894_d7d9372e78_o.jpg" width="960" height="960" alt="Elizabeth Seeley"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>Elizabeth Seeley</h3>
            <p>Kinesiology Doctoral Student</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Coming soon!
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18769575678"
title="NESS background by annabroome, on Flickr"><img
src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/295/18769575678_88e21cffd9_o.png" width="945"
height="207" alt="NESS background"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>To Be Announced</h3>
            <p>T.B.A.</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
      <div class="span3">
        <article class="boxWrapper color1">
          <div class="speaker-box-overlay">
              Coming soon!
          </div>
          <div><a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/126949511@N07/18769575678"
title="NESS background by annabroome, on Flickr"><img
src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/295/18769575678_88e21cffd9_o.png" width="945"
height="207" alt="NESS background"></a></div>
          <div class="boxContent2">
            <h3>To Be Announced</h3>
            <p>T.B.A.</p>
          </div>
        </article>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</section>
